feat: add mentorship directory (#571)
asyncapi/community: mentorship/README.md

# AsyncAPI Mentoring Initiatives

> The AsyncAPI Initiative participates in a variety of mentoring programs. AsyncAPI is a great place to spend a summer learning, coding, participating, and contributing. We are an exciting open source foundation with a vibrant community of projects, and we look forward to your application and your project ideas!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AsyncAPI Initiative participates in a variety of mentoring programs. AsyncAPI is a great place to spend a summer learning, coding, participating, and contributing. We are an exciting open-source foundation with a vibrant community of projects, and we look forward to your application and project ideas!
```

## Organization Admins
If you need help with anything mentoring at AsyncAPI, join AsyncAPI on Slack and navigate to the mentorship channel and reach out.

Organization admins for specific mentorship programs are listed on the program's respective pages.

## Communication

> Please reach out to us using the [Discussions boards](https://github.com/cncf/mentoring/discussions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact us using the [AsyncAPI Discussions boards](https://github.com/cncf/mentoring/discussions).
```

> We are also available on the [AsyncAPI slack](https://asyncapi.com/slack-invite). Please don't use DMs unless strictly necessary as doing so both has the potential of overwhelming project maintainers and others with similar questions lose the benefit of public discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are also available on the [AsyncAPI slack](https://asyncapi.com/slack-invite). Please don't use DMs unless strictly necessary, as doing so can potentially overwhelm project maintainers, and others with similar questions lose the benefit of public discussion.
```

## Mentoring Programs

| Program                                                                           | Purpose                                                                                                                                   | Details and historical data                |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| [AsyncAPI Mentorship](https://www.asyncapi.com/) | Mentoring initiative by AsyncAPI                                                                                           | [asyncapi-mentorship](asyncapi-mentorship/README.md) |
| [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/)                     | Mentoring program for the students                                                                                                        | [summerofcode](summerofcode/README.md)     |

> | [Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs)             | Mentoring initiative for the technical writers                                                                                            | [seasonofdocs](seasonofdocs/README.md)     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs)             | Mentoring initiative for technical writers                                                                                            | [seasonofdocs](seasonofdocs/README.md)     |
```
